com/example/demo/viewmodel/ParaListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.ParaListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.ParaListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.ParaListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesSurahDaoFactory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesSurahDaoFactory
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesParaDaoFactory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesParaDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_di_AppModule
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_viewmodel_SurahListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_viewmodel_SurahListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/demo/database/AlertViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.demo.database.AlertViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.demo.database.AlertViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/demo/viewmodel/ParaListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.ParaListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.ParaListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/demo/viewmodel/VerseListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.VerseListViewModel_Factory
com/example/demo/models/Ayah.java
 com.example.demo.models.Ayah
com/example/demo/models/SurahDetail.java
 com.example.demo.models.SurahDetail
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_demo_di_BaseApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_demo_di_BaseApp
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/example/demo/databinding/ItemParaRowBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ItemParaRowBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_ui_ParaActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_ui_ParaActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivityParaBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivityParaBindingImpl
com/example/demo/viewmodel/ParaListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.ParaListViewModel_Factory
com/example/demo/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.demo.DataBindingTriggerClass
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_viewmodel_RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_viewmodel_RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivitySelectRecitorBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivitySelectRecitorBindingImpl
com/example/demo/databinding/ItemSurahRowBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ItemSurahRowBinding
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_ui_SurahActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_ui_SurahActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesSurahDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesSurahDatabaseFactory
com/example/demo/databinding/ItemVerseRowBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ItemVerseRowBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_viewmodel_RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_viewmodel_RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/demo/models/Recitor.java
 com.example.demo.models.Recitor
com/example/demo/models/ParahDetail.java
 com.example.demo.models.ParahDetail
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_database_AlertViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_database_AlertViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesParaRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesParaRepositoryFactory
com/example/demo/models/RecitorsResponse.java
 com.example.demo.models.RecitorsResponse
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_viewmodel_SurahListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_viewmodel_SurahListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/demo/viewmodel/RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesApiService2Factory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesApiService2Factory
com/example/demo/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_viewmodel_VerseListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_viewmodel_VerseListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/demo/ui/Hilt_SelectRecitorActivity.java
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_SelectRecitorActivity
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_SelectRecitorActivity$1
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_demo_di_BaseApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_demo_di_BaseApp
com/example/demo/databinding/ParaListFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ParaListFragmentBinding
com/example/demo/BR.java
 com.example.demo.BR
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivitySelectRecitorBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivitySelectRecitorBinding
com/example/demo/database/AlertViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.database.AlertViewModel_Factory
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivitySurahBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivitySurahBindingImpl
com/example/demo/databinding/ItemSurahRowBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ItemSurahRowBindingImpl
com/example/demo/databinding/SurahListFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.SurahListFragmentBinding
com/example/demo/viewmodel/RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.RecitorListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesApiServiceFactory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesApiServiceFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_ui_SelectRecitorActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_ui_SelectRecitorActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.demo.BuildConfig
com/example/demo/viewmodel/VerseListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.VerseListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.VerseListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/demo/viewmodel/RecitorListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.RecitorListViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_database_AlertViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_database_AlertViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_viewmodel_VerseListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_viewmodel_VerseListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivityParaBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivityParaBinding
com/example/demo/repository/MainRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.repository.MainRepository_Factory
com/example/demo/viewmodel/SurahListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.SurahListViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesUrlTestFactory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesUrlTestFactory
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesUrlTestFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/demo/database/SurahRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.database.SurahRepository_Factory
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivityQuranBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivityQuranBinding
com/example/demo/databinding/ItemParaRowBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ItemParaRowBindingImpl
com/example/demo/models/Edition.java
 com.example.demo.models.Edition
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivitySettingsBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivitySettingsBindingImpl
com/example/demo/viewmodel/SurahListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.SurahListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.SurahListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/demo/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/demo/viewmodel/SurahListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.SurahListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.SurahListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.SurahListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/demo/database/AlertViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.demo.database.AlertViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.demo.database.AlertViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.demo.database.AlertViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/demo/network/ApiServiceImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.network.ApiServiceImpl_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_viewmodel_ParaListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_viewmodel_ParaListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/demo/database/QuranDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.demo.database.QuranDatabase_Impl
 com.example.demo.database.QuranDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/demo/di/AppModule_ProvidesSurahRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.demo.di.AppModule_ProvidesSurahRepositoryFactory
com/example/demo/database/ParaRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.demo.database.ParaRepository_Factory
com/example/demo/viewmodel/VerseListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.VerseListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.VerseListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.demo.viewmodel.VerseListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/demo/models/SurahDetailResponse.java
 com.example.demo.models.SurahDetailResponse
com/example/demo/databinding/ItemVerseRowBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ItemVerseRowBindingImpl
com/example/demo/ui/SelectRecitorActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.demo.ui.SelectRecitorActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_ui_fragment_SurahListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_ui_fragment_SurahListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivityQuranBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivityQuranBindingImpl
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivitySurahListBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivitySurahListBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_di_BaseApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_di_BaseApp_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_ui_fragment_ParaListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_ui_fragment_ParaListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_ui_QuranActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_ui_QuranActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/database/ParaDao_Impl.java
 com.example.demo.database.ParaDao_Impl
 com.example.demo.database.ParaDao_Impl$1
 com.example.demo.database.ParaDao_Impl$2
 com.example.demo.database.ParaDao_Impl$3
 com.example.demo.database.ParaDao_Impl$4
com/example/demo/di/BaseApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/models/JuzzModel.java
 com.example.demo.models.JuzzModel
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_ui_SurahListActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_ui_SurahListActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/database/SurahDao_Impl.java
 com.example.demo.database.SurahDao_Impl
 com.example.demo.database.SurahDao_Impl$1
 com.example.demo.database.SurahDao_Impl$2
 com.example.demo.database.SurahDao_Impl$3
 com.example.demo.database.SurahDao_Impl$4
com/example/demo/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_demo_viewmodel_ParaListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_demo_viewmodel_ParaListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/demo/databinding/ActivitySurahBinding.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ActivitySurahBinding
com/example/demo/databinding/ParaListFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.demo.databinding.ParaListFragmentBindingImpl
com/example/demo/ui/Hilt_SurahActivity.java
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_SurahActivity
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_SurahActivity$1
com/example/demo/ui/ParaActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.demo.ui.ParaActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/di/BaseApp_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_ComponentTreeDeps
com/example/demo/ui/Hilt_SurahListActivity.java
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_SurahListActivity
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_SurahListActivity$1
com/example/demo/di/DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.demo.di.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/example/demo/di/Hilt_BaseApp.java
 com.example.demo.di.Hilt_BaseApp
 com.example.demo.di.Hilt_BaseApp$1
com/example/demo/ui/fragment/ParaListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.demo.ui.fragment.ParaListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/ui/fragment/SurahListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.demo.ui.fragment.SurahListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/ui/Hilt_ParaActivity.java
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_ParaActivity
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_ParaActivity$1
com/example/demo/ui/SurahListActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.demo.ui.SurahListActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/ui/Hilt_QuranActivity.java
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_QuranActivity
 com.example.demo.ui.Hilt_QuranActivity$1
com/example/demo/di/BaseApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.demo.di.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/demo/ui/fragment/Hilt_ParaListFragment.java
 com.example.demo.ui.fragment.Hilt_ParaListFragment
com/example/demo/ui/fragment/Hilt_SurahListFragment.java
 com.example.demo.ui.fragment.Hilt_SurahListFragment
com/example/demo/ui/QuranActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.demo.ui.QuranActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/demo/ui/SurahActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.demo.ui.SurahActivity_GeneratedInjector
